**Scaling**
This means that you're transforming your data so that it fits within a specific scale, like 0-100 or 0-1. 
You want to scale data when you're using methods based on measures of how far apart data points, like support vector machines, or SVM or k-nearest neighbors, or KNN. 
With these algorithms, a change of "1" in any numeric feature is given the same importance.
For example, you might be looking at the prices of some products in both Yen and US Dollars.
One US Dollar is worth about 100 Yen, but if you don't scale your prices methods like SVM or KNN will consider a difference in price of 1 Yen as important as a 
difference of 1 US Dollar!
 This clearly doesn't fit with our intuitions of the world. With currency, you can convert between currencies. 
 But what about if you're looking at something like height and weight?
 It's not entirely clear how many pounds should equal one inch (or how many kilograms should equal one meter).
 By scaling your variables, you can help compare different variables on equal footing. To help solidify what scaling looks like, let's look at a made-up example.
 
 
 Normalization
Scaling just changes the range of your data.
Normalization is a more radical transformation. The point of normalization is to change your observations so that they can be described as a normal distribution.

Normal Distribution- Also known as the "bell curve", this is a specific statistical distribution where a roughly equal observations fall above and below the mean,
 the mean and the median are the same, and there are more observations closer to the mean. The normal distribution is also known as the Gaussian distribution. 
 In general, you'll only want to normalize your data if you're going to be using a machine learning or statistics technique that assumes your data is normally distributed. 
 Some examples of these include t-tests, ANOVAs, linear regression, linear discriminant analysis (LDA) and Gaussian naive Bayes. 
 (Pro tip: any method with "Gaussian" in the name probably assumes normality.)
 
 The method were using to normalize here is called the Box-Cox Transformation.
 
 BOX-COX TRANSFORMATION:
  A Box Cox transformation is a transformation of non-normal dependent variables into a normal shape.
  Normality is an important assumption for many statistical techniques; 
  if your data isn't normal, applying a Box-Cox means that you are able to run a broader number of tests.
 
 https://www.kaggle.com/rtatman/data-cleaning-challenge-scale-and-normalize-data/notebook
